NR-93424 Added api pages for enable and disable feature (#11858)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/ios-sdk-api/disable-features.mdx

---
title: disableFeatures (iOS SDK API)
type: apiDoc
shortDescription: Set this bit-wise flag to disable features.
tags:
  - Mobile monitoring
  - New Relic Mobile iOS
  - iOS SDK API
metaDescription: New Relic for iOS mobile app monitoring API to disable features.
---

## Syntax

```
- (void) disableFeatures:(NRMAFeatureFlags)featureFlags;
```

Set this bit-wise flag to disable features.

## Requirements

Compatible with all agent versions.

## Description

> The `disableFeatures` API can be used to disable features that aren't wanted to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `disableFeatures` API can be used to disable features you don't want to run. 
```

> For more information on the flags that can be disabled see [iOS agent configuration and feature flags]((/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/api-guides/ios-agent-configuration-feature-flags))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the flags that can be disabled see [iOS agent configuration and feature flags](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/api-guides/ios-agent-configuration-feature-flags). 
```

<Callout variant="important">

> This function most be called just before calling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function must be called just before calling:
```
